Extensions done and where to find them:
    1) enable 4 players to play instead of 2 (MainExtensions.hs)
    2) enable Rematch once game ends (Main.hs)
    3) enable players to play against a Ala opening (Ala.hs)
    4) enable Players to players to play against StoneWall opening (StoneWall.hs)
    5) enable Players to move vertically (cell_entension.hs && )
    6) enable players to forfeit (MainExtensions.hs)

explanation:
1)  Players can now play with 4 players where each player begins in the middle of a respective side. It works well for humans
    but has issues when more  or more dumb players are used. I was not able to test it with minimax function but it should
    work for the minimax function if my utility function is corrected

2)  I implemented this in the original Main file and not the extension main file as I was scared that there might be some conflicts
    in the extension file and did not run into any conflicts in the original main file. when someone has won the game, the players
    will then be asked if they would like to play it again. if they say 'Y' then a new game would start but if they say 'N' then
    the game ends with a goodbye message
3)  the Ala opening is a different type of opening that creates a half box to trap oppponents. it is a lot harder to beat than
    reed opening. I implemented the opening using both the dumb player type of play and minimax type of play. to use the minimax
    play you will have to uncomment it. the opening I implemented works with only 2 players and when the second player uses the opening

4)  The StoneWall opening allows the oppponent to only take one path towards the winning positions as it places walls on all other paths.
    It is tougher than the reed opening but easier than the Ala opening. I implemented the opening using both the dumb player type of play and minimax type of play. to use the minimax
    play you will have to uncomment it. the opening I implemented works with only 2 players and when the second player uses the opening.

5)  I did not complete this extension fully. I had changed some of the fucntions that would allow a player to move diagonally
    but was not able to complete it fully. 

6)  I added a check that would ask the player if he wants to forfeit on each turn. if he says 'Y' then the game ends and it states
    which player forfeited. if he inputs anything else then the game continues. this is useful when a player already knows
    that they cannot win so it would be wiser to just start over.